Add documentation around ordering (#170)
networktocode/diffsync: docs/source/getting_started/01-getting-started.md

It's up to the implementer to populate the `DiffSync`'s internal cache with the appropriate data. In the example below we are using the `load()` method to populate the cache but it's not mandatory, it could be done differently.

## Model Processing Ordering Logic

The models will be processed in a specfic order as defined by `top_level` atttribute on the `DiffSync` object and then the `_childres` attribute on the `DiffSyncModel`. The processing algorithm can be described as:

- Start with the first element in the model in `top_level`
- If that model has `_children` set on it, process that first element next, in the order as defined in the dictionary.
    - Continue processing `_children` as found, until complete end of lineage (e.g. children, children of children, etc.)
- Continue with the next element as defined in the `_children` attribute.

> - Continue with the next element as defined in the `top_level` attribute.

Reviewer: As we discussed this morning, if you think of `top_level` and each model's `_children` as forming a tree, the processing order is essentially that of a depth-first traversal of the tree.

Given the following Scenario:

```python

class Site(DiffSyncModel):
    _children = {"vlan": "vlans", "prefix": "prefixes"}

>     [...]

Reviewer 2: Maybe it would be good to also include the definition of the children fields, i.e. `vlans` and `prefixes`.

Reviewer 2: This goes for `Device` and `IPAddress`, too

class Device(DiffSyncModel):

>     _children = {"interface": "interfaces"}

Reviewer 2: Missing the definition for the `Interface` class here.

Author: That was on purpose, to limit the scope. Can be convinced otherwise.

    [...]

class Vlan(DiffSyncModel):
    [...]

class Prefix(DiffSyncModel):
    [...]

class IPAddress(DiffSyncModel):

>     _children = {"ip_address": "ip_addresses"}

Reviewer 2: I believe the key should be called `ipaddress` similar to the class, but lower-cased?

Author: I have been keeping the attr names the same as Nautobot orm.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be the `_children` of `Interface`, not of `IPAddress` itself?

    [...]

class Cable(DiffSyncModel):
    [...]

class Nautobot(DiffSync):
    site = Site
    device = Device
    interface = Interface
    ip_address = IPAddress
    cable = Cable
    vlan = Vlan
    prefix = Prefix

    top_level = ["site", "device", "cable"]
    [...]

```

Would result in processing in the following order:

- site
- vlan
- prefix
- device
- interface

> - ip_address

Reviewer 2: Probably should drop the `_` here, too

- cable

> > Note: This applies to the actual diff sync, and not the loading of the data, which is up to the developer to determine the order. 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps it would be good to correlate this note with the actual names of the methods that do these steps, i.e.

```
> Note: This applies to the actual diff sync (`Diffsync.sync_from/Diffsync.sync_to`), and not the loading of the data (`Diffsync.load`), which is up to the developer to determine the order.
```

Author: Much better put, thanks.

It's up to the implementer to populate the `DiffSync`'s internal cache with the appropriate data. In the example below we are using the `load()` method to populate the cache but it's not mandatory, it could be done differently.

## Model Processing Ordering Logic

The models will be processed in a specfic order as defined by `top_level` atttribute on the `DiffSync` object and then the `_children` attribute on the `DiffSyncModel`. The processing algorithm is technically a "Preorder Tree Traversal", which means that "a parent node is processed before any of its child nodes is done." This can be described as:

> - Start with the first element in the model in `top_level`
> - If that model has `_children` set on it, process that first element, in the order as defined in the dictionary.
> - If a child has has `_children` set on it, process that element, and so on until the complete end of lineage (e.g. children, children of children, etc.)
> - Continue with the next element as defined in the `top_level` attribute, and repeat the process

Reviewer: Perhaps?

```suggestion
- Start with the first element of the first model in `top_level` and process it.
- If that model has `_children` set on it, for each child of each child model, in order:
    - Process that child element.
    - If the child has has `_children` of its own, process its children, and so on until the complete end of lineage (e.g. children, children of children, etc.)
    - Proceed to the next child element, or to the next model in `_children` if done with all elements of that model.
- Repeat for the next element of the top-level model, until done with all elements of that model.
- Continue to the first element of the next model in the `top_level` attribute, and repeat the process, and so on.
```

## Model Processing Ordering Logic

> The models will be processed in a specfic order as defined by `top_level` atttribute on the `DiffSync` object and then the `_children` attribute on the `DiffSyncModel`. The processing algorithm is technically a "Preorder Tree Traversal", which means that "a parent node is processed before any of its child nodes is done." This can be described as:

Reviewer 2: Who are you quoting here when you quote "a parent node is [...]"?

Author: wikipedia.

Reviewer 2: I guess this is largely personal taste but I would drop the quotes here. Feel free to do that or to not do it.
